h1. etikett 

etikett helps you to render uris. It provides icons, labels and shortnames for each uri. The etikett database is created on startup, from skos files or similar rdf. etikett can be used to share display information about uris between applications.   

Comes with the following testsets
- ddc - skos of german ddc
- rpb - skos file for Rheinlandpfälzische Landebibliografie

The testsets refer to the following icon fonts 
- font-awsome
- glyphicon
- octicon

h1. Requirements

1. Java 8
2. Typesafe Activator

bc.. cd /tmp
wget http://downloads.typesafe.com/typesafe-activator/1.3.2/typesafe-activator-1.3.2-minimal.zip
unzip typesafe-activator-1.3.2-minimal.zip
sudo mv activator-1.3.2-minimal /opt

h1. Run

h2. Download

bc.. cd /tmp
git clone https://github.com/hbz/etikett
cd etikett

h2. Configure

Provide a list of rdf-turtle files in the format

bc.. <http://your.uri.to.describe>
<http://hbz-nrw.de/regal#jsonName> "A proper and uniq name for your json rendering";
<http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml/vocab#icon> "fa fa-legal" ;
<http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#prefLabel> "a proper label you want to present in your UI" .

p. Include your config to application.conf by providing a comma-separated list in 

bc.. etikett.configs="ddc.turtle,regal.turtle,rpb.turtle"

h2. Run

bc.. /opt/activator-1.3.2-minimal/activator run

p. Go to http://localhost:9000

h2. Manual Test

List all

bc.. curl "http://localhost:9000" -H"accept: application/json"

p. Or list info for a single uri

bc.. curl "http://localhost:9000/?url=http%3A%2F%2Fpurl.orms%2Fissued" -H"accept: application/json"

h1. Install on Ubuntu

bc.. 
cd /tmp/etikett
/opt/activator-1.3.2-minimal/activator dist
cp target/universal/etikett-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.zip  /tmp
cd /tmp
unzip etikett-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.zip
mv etikett-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT /opt/etikett

p. edit /opt/etikett/conf/application.conf

bc.. http.path="/myetikett"
application.context="/myetikett"
#Provide a comma separated list of servers. etikett will not access files on any other servers. 
etikett.whitelist="localhost,127.0.0.1"

p. edit startscript

bc.. sudo cp /tmp/etikett/install/etikett.tmpl /etc/init.d/etikett
sudo chmod u+x /etc/init.d/etikett
sudo editor /etc/init.d/etikett

p. set the following vars

bc.. JAVA_HOME=/opt/java
HOME="/opt/etikett"
USER="user to run etikett"
GROUP="user to run etikett"
SECRET=`uuidgen` # generate a secret e.g. using uuidgen
PORT=9000

p. include into system start and shutdown

bc.. sudo update-rc.d etikett defaults 99 20

p. start

bc.. sudo service etikett start

h1. Update

bc.. 
rm -rf /tmp/etikett
cd /tmp
git clone https://github.com/hbz/etikett
cd /tmp/etikett
/opt/activator-1.3.2-minimal/activator dist
cp target/universal/etikett-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.zip  /tmp
cd /tmp
unzip etikett-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.zip
cp /opt/etikett/conf/application.conf /tmp/etikett-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT/conf
sudo service etikett stop
rm -rf /opt/etikett/*
mv /tmp/etikett-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT/* /opt/etikett/
sudo service etikett start

h1. License

GNU AFFERO GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE 
Version 3, 19 November 2007
